able to do it in class so first thing
you want to do is to make sure you're on
the scanning computer and they're marked
in my lab and then you're gonna click on
the little skinny button on the scanner
and it's going to be like a green arrow
thingy through a paper thingy if you
don't know what the button is ask a lab
assistant and then so you're going to
press that we just pressed it you can't
see that but pretend you can and then it
pulls up this image capture thing and
you'll notice like if you're not seeing
what I'm seeing right now it's because
you have your your um your details
hidden so make sure you click this
button that says show details okay okay
so once you hit that you'll you should
see the details and you'll see this
little preview option right here now I'm
gonna actually select the image that I
want like crop it around there so I'm
going to click hold and drag and it's
gonna select the image that I want to
scan now keep in mind um with something
like this you want to stay within the
lines so kind of go a little inside the
image okay now notice the size of this
image is four by five and if you
remember what we went over in class that
you want to have it at a four by five
image about 300 dpi so I type in 300
right there if it's a large image like
full screen go 150 dpi okay and then
come down to pictures and choose desktop
so you can save it on your desktop
Oh scan to option right there and then
label it a three your name choose JPEG
and um 4d screening go ahead and choose
magazine for backlight correction I like
to choose medium for dust removal I
choose medium and then all's you have to
do now is hit scan and they'll scan the
image that you're selected right here
that you have selected right here so
it's scanning
um I feel like oh one important thing to
note like I don't have a black
construction paper under here right now
but if you want to avoid words showing
through put black construction paper
under there that will improve the
quality because if I open this up and
it's not very good quality and there's
words that show through you'll be marked
off for that on your assignment but this
is actually really good how we have it
set up right now so this would be a
decent image now what I like to do is
right click and go whoops I'm not
impressed it get go get info and oh it's
doing it again for me
usually under a more info it'll tell you
the size of the image here but for some
reason it doesn't want to tell me the
size of the image so that's okay go
ahead and click it and bring it into
Photoshop just click drag and hold it
down into Photoshop pull it up go to
image image size and it lists your size
here width and height okay
now I'm gonna pull up my assignment
requirements which I think I
accidentally but okay
so be sure to check your size
requirements what the size is and I
believe I'm a little bit over on my size
12 69 so this image is a little too
large it should be I think just 1200 I
believe it's 750 by 1200 for the short
side um so this is a bit little bit
large so what you want to do then if you
have a really large image is come to the
DPI and this is a little bit bigger than
4x6 so I come in here and maybe make
this um 200
and then hitscan
okay so now this is now within the size
requirements um we have it right here
846 so it's when within the 750 to 1100
you'll have to double check the size on
the largest but this will now fit the
size requirements and that's perfect so
once you have it fitting the size
requirements and you don't have to make
any more adjustments to the resolution
then go ahead and submit it on to brain
honey and you're good to go all right
awesome
stop